chore(docs): start dynamic plugins FAQ (#1863)
janus-idp/backstage-showcase: docs/dynamic-plugins/faq.md

# Frequently Asked Questions

## What is Dynamic plugin derived package?

This is a special JavaScript package that is derived from an original plugin package source code.
You find more information about process of creating derived packages in the [Export Derived Dynamic Plugin Package](export-derived-package.md) document.

> The derived plugins shouldn't be pushed into the [public npm registry](https://www.npmjs.com), but it can be published to a private or internal npm registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dynamic plugin derived packages shouldn't be pushed into the [public npm registry](https://www.npmjs.com), but it can be published to a private or internal npm registry.
```

You can find more information about publishing dynamic plugins in the [Packaging Dynamic Plugins](packaging-dynamic-plugins.md) document.

## How to configure up a dynamic plugin project to publish to a npm registry?

See [Creating JavaScript package](packaging-dynamic-plugins.md#creating-javascript-package) in [Packaging Dynamic Plugins](packaging-dynamic-plugins.md) document.

## How to configure RHDH to use private or internal npm registry?

See [Using a custom NPM registry](installing-plugins.md#using-a-custom-npm-registry) in [Installing Plugins](installing-plugins.md) document.

> ## How to install community Backstage plugin to the RHDH?

Reviewer: That's nice. But at some point, when it's ready and container-based exports are in place, we should probably point to how to leverage the overlay repo.

Author: yes, agreed. But even after we have the overlay repo, this will be still useful for plugins that are not in community-plugins repo. Maybe I should change the title to make it clear that this process should work for any plugin

1. Get the source code of the plugin.
2. [Export](export-derived-package.md) the selected plugin as a derived dynamic plugin package.
3. [Package and publish](packaging-dynamic-plugins.md) the derived dynamic plugin package.

> 4. [Install](installing-plugins.md) the plugin in the RHDH. If plugin is frontend plugin you need to  "wire it by [defining mount points, dynamic routes, etc](frontend-plugin-wiring.md).

Author: ```suggestion
4. [Install](installing-plugins.md) the plugin in the RHDH. If plugin is frontend plugin you need to wire it by [defining mount points, dynamic routes, etc](frontend-plugin-wiring.md).
```

> 4. [Install](installing-plugins.md) the plugin in the RHDH. If plugin is frontend plugin you need to properly [wire it (define mount points and bindings)](frontend-plugin-wiring.md).

Reviewer 2: maybe instead of "wire it (define mount points and bindings)" try "wire it by [defining mount points, dynamic routes, etc](link)." to remove the parenthesis?
